PORT-14552 - Docs for Github ocean integration (#2494)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/git/github-ocean/installation/github-app.md

3. Click `edit` on the GitHub app created at the step before:

![GitHub integration installation page](../../../../../../static/img/integrations/github-ocean/SelfHostedEditGitHubApp.png)

4. Go to Install App -> and select the installation button on your wanted organization;

5. Choose the repositories you want the integration to be installed for:

![GitHub integration installation chooses repositories](../../../../../../static/img/integrations/github-ocean/SelfHostedInstallationRepoSelection.png)

## Docker

To use our GitHub integration as an app, you will need to deploy our official integration Docker image - providing an app id and an app private key.

It can be deployed on any platform that allows deploying images as containers such as: K8S, ECS, AWS App Runner, etc.

You can pull the Docker image by running:

```bash showLineNumbers
docker pull ghcr.io/port-labs/port-ocean-github-ocean:1.0.4-beta
```

Run the following command to start the app:

:::tip Docker parameters

The command below contains placeholder values in angle brackets (e.g., `<PORT_CLIENT_ID>`). Be sure to replace them with your actual values before running the command.

:::

> 

Reviewer: Add shell and cmd script here indicating how to encode the private key to bas64 on linux and windows based systems respectively

```bash showLineNumbers
docker run \
  -e OCEAN__PORT__CLIENT_ID=<PORT_CLIENT_ID> \
  -e OCEAN__PORT__CLIENT_SECRET=<PORT_CLIENT_SECRET> \
  -e OCEAN__PORT__BASE_URL=https://api.getport.io \

>   -e OCEAN__BASE_URL=<https.example.com> \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -e OCEAN__BASE_URL=<https.example.com> \ #Optional, only needed for live events
```

  -e OCEAN__INTEGRATION__CONFIG__GITHUB_ORGANIZATION=<GITHUB_ORGANIZATION> \
  -e OCEAN__INTEGRATION__IDENTIFIER=github-ocean \
  -e OCEAN__INTEGRATION__CONFIG__GITHUB_APP_ID=<GITHUB_APP_ID> \
  -e OCEAN__INTEGRATION__CONFIG__GITHUB_APP_PRIVATE_KEY=<BASE_64_ENCODED_PRIVATEKEY> \
  -p 8000:8000 \
  ghcr.io/port-labs/port-ocean-github-ocean:1.0.4-beta
```

| Env variable                                         | Description                                                                                    |
| ---------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `OCEAN__PORT__CLIENT_ID`                             | Port client id for interacting with the API                                                    |
| `OCEAN__PORT__CLIENT_SECRET`                         | Port client secret for interacting with the API                                                |
| `OCEAN__PORT__BASE_URL`                              | Port's API Base URL                                                                            |

> | `OCEAN__BASE_URL`                                    | Integration instance base url, real-time live events will be enabled if this is configured.                                        |

Reviewer: Indicate that this is optional

> | `OCEAN__BASE_URL`                                    | Integration instance base url, real-time live events will be enabled if this is configured.                                        |

Reviewer: add another column "Required", which should indicate whether or not a field is required ,
see examples [here](/https://docs.port.io/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/git/gitlab-v2/installation/#:~:text=This%20table%20summarizes%20the%20available%20parameters%20for%20the%20installation.)

> | `OCEAN__EVENT_LISTENER__TYPE`                        | How Ocean will retrieve config changes from Port.                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `OCEAN__EVENT_LISTENER__TYPE`                        | Define the appropriate event listener type to handle incoming events and resync requests from Port. This listener will forward the events to the GitHub Ocean integration. For more details, see the [Port Event Listener documentation](https://ocean.getport.io/framework/features/event-listener).                                             |
```
